# Joint Track Auto Fast Fourier Transform
MakeLib.py - this takes in an object model and projects it at various angles and generates resampled (x,y) contours.
NFD_Lib.py - this takes in the array of (x,y) contours generated by MakeLib and creates the variables needed for the Normalized-Fourier Descriptor-based matching algorithm.

## Pre-run steps:
***Install dependencies using the requirements file included in the repo.*** 

**`pip install --upgrade pip` (this is to make sure your pip version is up to date, ***definitely*** do this)**

Install the required packages using the requirements file.

This can be run using the following command:

`pip install -r FFT_Requirements.txt`

## `JTA_FFT.py` functionality:

***An instance of the JTA_FFT class must be created, in which you need to pass in the location of the calibration file***

Once this is completed, you have access to the following functions:
- Segment(model_location, image_location)
  - Takes in a path to a NN model and an Image, and performs segmentation on the image.
  - This returns the outputted image, saves it to self, and saves it as a .png file that is able to be viewed.
- Make_Contour_Lib(STLFile_location, Working_directory)
  - Takes in a path to an STL model, and generates a contour library based on it.
  - This saves the generated rotation indices to self, and returns the x and y arrays of contours.
- Create_NFD_Library()
  - Uses the data stored in self to create the Normalized Fourier Descriptor (NFD) library.
  - Saves the centroid, mag, angle, and NFD libraries to self, and returns them.
- Create_Contour(image_location)
  - Takes in the location of an image, and generates a contoured version of the image. 
  - Returns the newly generated x and y locations that are used to create the contour.
- get_NFD(x,y)
  - Takes in a provided x,y, and provides an NFD representation of them.
  - Returns a dict containing the centroid, mag, angle, and NFD for the passed-in x and y.
- estimate_pose(instance)
  - Takes in the instance's data from get_NFD, and estimates the pose for the passed-in instance data compared to the data saved in self (either generated with make contour lib or loaded in through a pickle). 
  - Returns the estimated values for the pose.
- load_pickle(pickle_path)
  - Takes in the path of the .nfd file (pickle) and loads the contained data into the toolkit.
- save(filename)
  - Saves all of the generated data from the toolkit into a .nfd file, with the location and name that is passed in.
  - *NOTE: Be sure that all library objects have been instantiated, otherwise the save will throw an error.*